-[gasps]
-[car honks]
[tires screeching]
-[Mob] Huh?
-[cat meows]
-[Mob gasps softly]
-[car engine revs]
[Mob exhales]
[soft, instrumental music playing]
[gasps]
[car crashes]
[whimpers]
[engine revs]
MOB 2
RIVAL
-[passerby 1] Huh? An accident?
-[passerby 2] How did this happen?
-[passerby 3] Look, he's bleeding.
-[passerby 4] Yeah, it's pretty bad.
Oh… oh… oh, no. You poor kid.
What do I do?
We need an ambulance right away.
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps] I can handle this.
Lemme get my phone.
-What street are we on?
-He's not moving.
Uh. Can you hear me?
[driver gasps] Something's wrong.
My phone.
Hey. Hey, wake up.
[eerie music playing]
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
[Lily's mom] Lily! Come on, we need to go.
Okay. [grunts softly]
Huh?
[eerie music playing]
[crows squawking]
Why in the hell is there so much traffic
here at this hour?
Perfect,
we're gonna be late now, you know.
-Yeah, yeah. [gasps]
-[gasps]
-Hey, what's going on here?
-Earthquake?
-How would I know?
-Could be.
That's weird, my phone's not getting
any reception all of a sudden.
[passerby yelps]
Okay, what the hell's happening?
[screams]
-[explosion]
-[crowd screaming]
-What's that?
-[passersby 6] An earthquake!
-[passersby 7] This is crazy!
-[passersby 8] An explosion?
Anyone still in the area is encouraged
to evacuate immediately.
Man, this earthquake's a real pain.
Be over already.
[Serizawa] According to what I'm reading,
accidents and crashes
are happening all over,
for no apparent reason.
Also, since they've had
to restrict access,
most of the major thoroughfares
in Seasoning City are backed up.
Huh.
Says an evacuation order's been issued.
And on the day Shigeo
was gonna ask that girl out, too.
Yeah. Guess that's not happening.
-[glass shatters]
-[Reigen grunts softly]
[gasps] Suspect is approximately
160 centimeters.
Um, wearing a school uniform
and holding a bouquet.
He's continuing to move forward.
Wrecking buildings and everything else.
[whimpers] Hello? Come in.
Can anyone hear me?
[dark music playing]
[explosion]
[Teru] Looks like I made it in time.
You know, I had this sneaking suspicion
I would find you here,
so I flew over at the speed of light.
Not a bad trick, huh?
Well, now, you've left quite
a trail of destruction.
I have no idea what happened.
But if you want to talk about it--
Whoa. What're you--
[explosion]
That was a bit uncalled-for. Really.
Good thing I've gotten stronger, too.
After watching you,
I thought I'd better try a bit harder.
[gasps] Bought flowers, did you?
Hey, nice move!
Might be a little risky going
over there as you are, though.
[grunts]
[grunts, screams]
[pants, grunts]
[Teru] I'm not getting
through to him at all.
It's like that, huh? Then I'll stop you.
[grunts] I'm really sorry!
Afraid I've got no choice here.
I'll have to restrain you until--
-[explosion]
-[screams]
[grunts, coughs]
[gasps]
[grunts] Ultimate Barrier!
[explosion]
[Teru coughs, chuckles]
This is some state you're in right now.
It reminds me of when we first met.
[grunts] Kageyama.
Give it up. Just head home for the day.
For your own good.
-[explosion]
-[grunts]
[emotional music playing]
[Teru] Thanks to Kageyama,
I was able to learn something important.
[inspiring, upbeat music playing]
[Teru] That letting my powers define me
was actually a sign of weakness.
That I needed to accept who I was
without any psychic powers.
And right now, I have no doubt
that's what he's trying to do.
I know Kageyama.
[grunts]
I know it's not in his nature
to hurt anyone!
[grunts]
[screams]
He reacted! If I destroy those…
[explosion]
Hey. Kageyama. [pants, grunts]
[grunts] Have you forgotten?
You shouldn't use your powers
against others.
[explosion]
[indistinct chatter]
[grunts]
[neighbor 1] Something just flew
through the air!
[grunts]
[neighbor 2] Hey,
what the hell was that sound?
[indistinct chatter]
[thudding]
-[Lily] Mom! What's happening.
-[neighbor 3] Who is this guy?
[neighbor 4]
He's destroying everything in his path!
[neighbor 5] We gotta get away from him!
[neighbor 6] The ground is shaking!
[Teru grunts, coughs]
Don't do this, Kageyama. Not here!
Can't you see there are people
who still haven't evacuated?
Kageyama's powers
just keep getting stronger and stronger.
What can I possibly do to stop him?
[grunts]
Listen! This area's dangerous!
Seek shelter now!
You have to get as far away
from here as possible!
For your own safety! [gasps]
[Lily's mom screams] Lily!
[grunts, gasps]
[coughs] Okay.
You having some kind of episode or what?
For you, of all people,
to lose control of yourself like this.
[chuckles] It looks like you're
as average as I am!
Man, what a relief!
[Mob growls]
-[Teru gasps] No way.
-[Mob growls]
I told you, there are still people here!
[explosion]
-[Teru gasping]
-[crowd screaming]
[intense music playing]
-[Lily] Mommy! Help me, please!
-[Teru grunts]
[passerby 1] Someone save us!
[grunts]
I've been watching you.
And I know one thing for sure.
You're an absolutely gullible softy.
You're so strong on the inside.
And yet, you…
I can still remember
the first day I met you.
You were crying by yourself.
That's what this is, too, isn't it?
Right, Kageyama? You're crying.
Well?
You're crying out for someone to stop you!
Isn't that right?
[grunts]
[coughs, grunts]
Kageyama! Kageyama!
[gasps] Kageyama!
[Mob gasps] What?
What's going on with me right now?
[gasps]
Hanazawa!
I know. I can feel it.
I'm the one responsible for all this.
The one who hurt Hanazawa.
[whimpers] He tried so hard to stop me,
that he let himself end up like this?
[Teru pants]
Things don't always work out in life.
[pants]
It's okay if you get laughed at.
Take it from me.
I'm average, too, remember?
[Mob] Hanazawa. You've done enough.
Don't feel like you have
to think of this as me anymore.
Even I can't stop this thing, you know?
So please, go ahead and fight back!
That's right! Use your powers against me!
Don't underestimate me, though!
Because…
[explosions]
[Teru] Because…
Even now, I'm still…
[breathes deeply, chuckles]
…your rival!
[chuckles]
Well, I guess I win this round,
wouldn't you say? Huh?
[somber music playing]
[cries]
[somber music concludes]
[Sakurai] Come on, now.
We've been over this, Koyama.
What part don't you understand?
The items with the nearest expiration date
need to be placed front and center.
It's not a hard concept.
Otherwise, the oldest bentos
are just gonna--
Enough already! I get it!
All I'm trying to do
is provide our customers
with the highest quality products
I possibly can.
Have you ever watched
as a chicken pasta salad
is yanked from off our shelf,
and thoughtlessly tossed
in the garbage can?
Witnessing a sight
like that changes a man.
[Koyama grunts softly]
Hey, I can't sell people old rice balls
with a smile on my face.
That's not who I am.
[Sakurai] Sometimes you have to
go along to get along.
Do me a favor and remember who it was
that recommended you to the manager.
I'm very grateful, believe me.
And as a show of my gratitude,
I'm gonna protect this place.
[Sakurai] Sure enough,
all this destruction
was caused by an esper.
Looks like he's heading right
for our convenience store. Hmm?
Whoa! It's that shitty little brat!
You're kidding me!
I see now. It all makes sense.
Listen up, pal!
I don't know what's going on,
but if you're coming for us,
don't expect me to hold back!
-He isn't stopping.
-Very well then. Let's do this.
[yells] Telekinetic Helix!
Jugan: Oden Tongs!
-[Koyama yells]
-[Sakurai yells]
In the wake of what happened
at the Seasoning Apartments,
many other buildings…
[Tsubomi] What a mess.
I wish I'd thought to ask him
for his phone number.
Oh, well. He'll show up.
[Tome] Here. Check this out.
A picture of the incident location
I found online.
Huh? Isn't that…
Could that be Master Psycho Helmet?
-Incredible. What does it mean?
-[student] Of course.
Uh, Captain!
Am I crazy or is this who I think it is?
[Musashi gasps]
It's not dying down at all.
[grunts] Suppose it's time
we go ahead and evacuate.
And Shigeo?
[Reigen] Whoa! I can't get through to him.
He must have turned his phone off.
It's Mob, I'm sure he'll be fine.
[Serizawa gasps]
Hmm? What now?
Reigen! Look at this!
[gasps] Uh…
[gasps]
Mob?
[Joseph] Everyone's been evacuated,
elderly and children included.
We'll be able to use our powers freely.
Electronics still aren't working
in the area,
so vehicles like this one
can't be controlled properly.
Long story short, we're going
to have to parachute in.
Helping out with the situation
could very well lead
to a reduction in your sentence,
so give it your best shot,
and do keep in mind
you're being monitored at all times.
We're talking one measly esper kid, right?
Against the six of us?
I think we got this.
[Joseph] Remember,
that's only based on eyewitness accounts.
Yeah, whatever.
The important thing is for you newbies
to follow our lead.
First of all, any loot goes to-- [yelps]
This mission is no joke.
I'll have to go on my own.
-[esper 2] Bastard!
-[indistinct clamoring]
-[grunts]
-[Joseph] So I take it…
[exhales]
…the target's someone you know?
[Suzuki] I can feel his power,
and it keeps growing stronger.
[Joseph] Oh, boy.
We'd better hurry. Open up the back.
You be careful, 'kay, Boss?
Hatori.
Hey, you forgot your parachute!
["Cobalt" playing]
[song concludes]
[Ritsu] Shige.
I haven't seen you like that for a while.
All this time, I've been afraid,
that someday,
it would emerge from you again.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode Eleven, "Mob Three Trauma."